We now want to publish our app, let's do this.
So I am back in the app workspace, so in our test-collab workspace and now we want to share the information
we have right here with other people. To do this, well
we have to publish our app and if we click onto that button in the upper right part of the screen, this
might be a good idea to do this.
Let's press that
and as you can see, we have a new menu right here.
Well let's add a description first right here,
so test app maybe, here we can change the background color just as we prefer,
we can set it to red for instance, like this,
then we have to decide what content we want to share.
Well in our case, we only have that single dataset with the report in the dashboard,
so we cannot select a thing right here but we can select what should be displayed as the app landing
page.
So either nothing or a specific content, I would like to have a specific content
and I would like to have the dashboard,
so if we click right here and select the dashboard, then we got that and now we have to decide who has
access to that information. Either the entire organization you're in or specific individuals,
in my case, this should be Maximillian again, like this
and if you're now happy with what you've got here and you are sure you shared the right content with
the right people, then you can simply press finish right here, like that.
And yes we give them access to the app,
this is fine, so we can press publish right here and now we get a link,
so if you want to access the app using the link or you can add the app simply to your workspace.
And this is what you want to do right now,
so we can simply click onto go to app and now confirm that we want to add it, like this
and here we are, already in the app.
Important thing,
we are in the personal workspace again because we cannot share the app with the group that shares
it,
this doesn't make sense.
So the app is now visible in my workspace and in the app space of Maximilian
and if you look at the app, so in the app menu right here, then we have the dashboard. As we said, if we click
right here,
then we can select the app and right there, then we see the dashboard
and if we click into the dashboard, we can also access the report.
So everything just as it used to be. This was the actual publishing of the app,
now what if we want to unpublish the app again? We can also do this quite easy. To do that, we simply have
to go to our workspace
right here. Now this is wrong,
we have to go to the app workspace of course,
sorry for that
we have to click right here and there,
now it works
and now we don't publish the app but we click onto those dots right here and press unpublish app right
there.
We won't do that right here but this is how it generally works.
So this is it,
we now have our app right there
and the only thing I want to show you right now is, well we talked about that report and about that publishing
to the app because this was publishing to a specific group but you can also publish a report, just a
report, to the app, so with a browser link. To do this,
you'll simply go to this menu right here,
so I'm opening it, go to report and now you can find that file option up here.
If you click that and select the publish to web option, then it warns you again and then you could create
such a code or a link basically which would then allow you to access the content of your report in the
browser.
I won't do that right now,
I just wanted to show you that you also have that option,
so let's close that, this and close that and go back to our workspace, like that.
So this is it right,
we now talked a lot about the connection between Power BI desktop and the service interface, how to work
together on the data and how to share the data
in the end. In the next video, I want to show you some other sources that we have seen there.